[DOC-576][ybm] Connection pooling in Aeon (#28006)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/explore/going-beyond-sql/connection-mgr-ysql.md

Using the socket directory along with [`-p`](../../../api/ysqlsh/#p-port-port-port) (custom PostgreSQL port or default 6433) will connect you to the PostgreSQL process, not the YSQL connection manager process.

> ### YugabyteDB Aeon

Reviewer: This `YugabyteDB Aeon` section is not visible under `2024.2 LTS`

We need to remove this unsupported in Aeon note from both Preview and LTS page : 

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c4074f96-0d91-47bb-b902-dbac619fb0d2

Reviewer 2: This is a good catch. +1 to both:
1. This new section should be on 2024.2 as well.
2. The "YSQL Connection Manager is currently not supported for [YugabyteDB Aeon]" needs to be removed.

{{<tags/feature/ea idea="1368">}}To enable built-in connection pooling for clusters deployed using YugabyteDB Aeon:

> - Turn on the **Connection Pooling** option when [creating a cluster](../../../yugabyte-cloud/cloud-basics/create-clusters/). Connection Pooling is always enabled for Sandbox clusters.

Author: ```suggestion
- Turn on the **Connection Pooling** option when [creating a cluster](../../../yugabyte-cloud/cloud-basics/create-clusters/). (Connection Pooling is enabled by default for Sandbox clusters.)
```
